Abstract The Bruin Olympiad Society (BOS) will build an inclusive, merit-based academic forum at UCLA that connects students across disciplines to tutor, collaborate, and compete in fun and exciting competitions. We provide:Need-based reimbursement for students whose funding was cut in the current climate, Regular tutoring and study sessions across STEM and allied disciplines, and the Medical College Admissions Test A moderated forum where students, peer tutors, and faculty can discuss scientific questions, problem design, and psychometrics. Through “Olympiad-style” competitions and problem banks curated with faculty input, participants gain exposure to high-level problem solving and the process of designing assessment-quality questions. Prizes through gift cards will be awarded to incentivize participation, mentorship, and high performance. Short-term outcomes: Provide tutoring for at least 50 students in the first year and create an active online forum with sustained faculty participation. Long-term outcomes: Expand to partner colleges, create a durable pipeline from peer tutoring to research/academic mentorship, and strengthen students’ readiness for advanced STEM competitions and graduate-level work.What community needs or issues does your organization/program address?Financial instability for academically active students whose funding was reduced or cut. We offer small reimbursements and micro-scholarships to help these students continue contributing and learning.Lack of accessible, high-quality, and consistent peer tutoring across specialized STEM content that solely occurs immediately before midterms. We provide structured tutoring and curated problem banks.Limited non-competitive spaces where highly motivated students can connect with faculty and peers to discuss research, assessment design, and advanced problem solving. Our forum and workshops fill that gap.Need for merit-based, unbiased opportunities for recognition (competitions, prizes) that are transparent and inclusive.How are UCLA students involved in the planning and implementation of this program? How many UCLA students are involved?Currently, all executive members, tutors &amp; content creators are UCLA undergraduate students. Students are involved in outreach to professors, organizing meetings, creating test questions, managing finances, tutoring other students, managing social media, directing recruitment, and external affairs, and running events. We are currently a team of 28 students and are actively seeking expansion. Has your organization received funding from the CAC and/or the CPC this academic year?NoIs your program funded by other campus or community entities? If yes, please identify the source and the amount received from that source.No If this is an event or program that happens every year, how is this event different from the previous year’s event or program?This is a new program designed to scale each quarter. Last quarter, we piloted our first Organic Chemistry Olympiad, and now we are expanding into Biology and Physics while also starting tutoring for various UCLA STEM classes (including Life Sciences, Chemistry, Physics, and Biochemistry). We are also initiating a peer tutoring program for the Medical College Admissions Test (MCAT). If you did not apply to the CAC Regular, provide more information about your organization including ongoing sites, site visits, sites, service recipients, and the work that you do.a) We have an upcoming Organic Chemistry and Biology Olympiad this fall quarter in week 8. b) We are planning and will likely conduct further Biology, Physics and Organic Chemistry olympiads as well, in future quarters.c) We have finished planning and will begin tutoring students on various subjects starting Week 4 of this fall quarter.Requested funding &amp; justification ($800 start-up)Total requested: $800Suggested allocation: Prizes/awards: $200: awarded as gift cards for competition winners to incentivize and reward hard work. This will be seeded as small awards for competition winners and runner-ups. This will be split across the Olympiads we will host this year. Currently, we are planning on hosting at least 4 Olympiads (likely closer to 6). Our proposed prize scheme will be: $25, $15, $10, for first, second, and third, respectively. Resources: $600: As a part of our mentorship initiative, we are planning to tutor students on the MCAT. For this, we would like to purchase resources online and through textbooks to provide a more accurate and wholesome experience for students coming to us for this service. We will also use any remaining part of this fund to further our resources for the STEM subjects we have mentoring initiatives for. Justification: prizes increase participation and incentivize fairness. Outreach ensures students in need learn about the program. Without seed funding, we cannot reliably provide awards or reimbursements, which undermines the program’s ability to support students who lack other funding.We also cannot purchase various resources for MCAT which are quite costly and require a fixed amount of capital to obtain . 